the Sartorius the Finn long muscle then
runs down the length of the site is the
longest muscle in the human body its
upper portion forms a lateral border of
the femoral triangle the Sartorius
muscle arises by tendon fibers from the
anterior superior iliac spine running
obliquely across the upper and anterior
part of the thigh in an infra remedial
direction it descends as far as the
medial side of the knee passing behind
the medial condyle of the femur to end
in a tendon this tendon curves
anteriorly to join the tendons of the
gracilis and semitendinosus muscles
which together form the pay's and
soreness finally inserting into the
proximal part of the tibia on the medial
surface of its body the Sartorius muscle
assists in flexion abduction and lateral
rotation of hip inflection of knee a
motion that demonstrates for Albanian
Lexx actions of the Sartorius is to look
at the bottom of your foot as if you are
checking if you stepped in gum situated
in the anterior festial compartment of
the thigh the Sartorius is innervated
via the anterior or superficial branch
of the femoral nerve the femoral nerve
is responsible for both sensory and
motor components in the Sartorius and
provides proprioceptive feedback for the
muscle one of the many conditions that
can disrupt the use of the Sartorius SP
Xanterra and bursitis P santurenne
bursitis is an inflammatory condition of
the medial portion of the knee this
condition usually occurs in athletes
from overuse and is characterized by
pain swelling and tenderness
the pay's anteron is made up from the
tendons of the grassless semitendinosus
and Sartorius muscles these tendons
attach onto the and remedial proximal
tibia
when inflammation of the bursa
underlined the tendons occurs they
separate from the head of the tibia
slips of origin from the outer end of
the inguinal ligament the notch of the
ilium the Ilia puccini align or the
pubis occur the muscle may be split into
two parts and one part may be inserted
into the fast channel era the femur the
ligament of the patella or the tendon of
the semitendinosus the tendon of
insertion may end in the fast channel
era
capsule of a knee joint or the facet of
the leg the Sartorius is also absent in
a small percentage of people for more
anatomy and physiology information about
the Sartorius muscle and all the major
muscles of the human body please visit
Anatomy Desk the trainer.com